De: Maria Anita <MAnita@thoughtworks.com>	Envoyé par: thoughtworks.com
À: vishvas@gmail.com
Date: 16 déc. 2005 18:00
Objet: ThoughtWorks Code Review - INDIA

In addition to the code review you
are about to begin, we also administer logic and general aptitude
assessments when you visit our office.

Because we may use your code as an interview tool,
ThoughtWorks reserves the right to postpone your technical interview if
your code is not received. 

To expedite proper routing of your code, please type the COUNTRY of
the ThoughtWorks office you are applying to (AUSTRALIA, UK, INDIA, USA or
CANADA) in the Subject Line of your email.

Enclosed are two programming problems.  We ask that you read both
descriptions thoroughly then create a program to solve **ONE** of the
problems.  If you choose to do both problems, we will choose and evaluate
only one of your solutions.

We are interested in the design aspect of the
solution and would like to evaluate your object oriented programming
skills.

As a general rule, we allow three days from the date that you receive this
letter to submit your code to CODE@THOUGHTWORKS.COM, but you may request
more time if needed. 

All problems below require some kind of input. 
You are free to implement 
any mechanism for feeding input into your solution (for example, using hard
coded data within a unit test).  
You should provide sufficient evidence
that your solution is complete by, as a minimum, indicating that it works
correctly against the supplied test data.

For the solution, we would want you use either Java or C#.  
You may not use any enhanced functionality of the language or 
any external libraries to solve this problem; 
however, you may use external libraries or tools for
building or testing purposes.  Specifically, you may use JUnit and/or Ant
to assist your development.

You may also include a brief explanation of your design and assumptions
along with your code.


---------------

vidya says:
make solutions with good time and space complexity.
take rajesh's review.

